alumini must have a different ui

while signing up ask if you are an alumini
if checked... 
set alumini boolean to true in dtabase... make default as false
in index page ... write everywhere like in about amitians that we appriciate our aluminis to join amity humor please fill out some information ... and modify about_amitians_form to display one or two more options like ask their memories from college


Create a hotlist to add people into, so that you can check them out later on 
how to create the hotlist..
 bad idea... table with one column ??
 no
 .. create an array...
 every amitian.. has his own hotlist..
 so it has to be related to him... 
 
 Create an Event ... any event inside amity can be publish here inside Amity humor...@

 inside clubs 
 show confessions to the people whos request are pending
 and when accepted allow users to post stuff.

 non-invited people cannot see anything but the about section and can Ask to join the group

 kashish grover0

 big main event with max. no of amitians attending
		first column be of Event Today... with department name 
		event this week 
		Upcomming Events within 7 days 

		same with clubs

		Top Confessions based on likes

		hated confessions based on dislikes

		top anonymous confessions based on likes

		Amitians who recently found their match

		Find some of your matches

		and then show new commers

01171123123

7027100707

       show all the categories/niche at the end ...
       reemove horizontal scroll and replace that by see more like facebook 

       give clubs and events their default theme image rather than display nothing

       give opstion to create event or club directly on explore page

       Sort Eplore page based on your campus

       add research paper work
       	
		last part 
		Do some public cofessions
		that are visible to all and are limit to last 100 public confessions ... 
		think about this before implement

		infinite scrolling in amitian photos is still left

IMPORTANT
	in your confession index page... along with your current confessions add cpnfessions of clubs i follow and event i am going to
 //


